;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:191: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.ctz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:195: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i64.ctz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:199: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at f32.neg. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:203: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at f64.neg. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:208: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.ctz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:212: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001d: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:216: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000020: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:220: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001d: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:225: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br_if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:231: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br_if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:237: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of block is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000020: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:243: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of block is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000020: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:250: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br_if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:256: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br_if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:262: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000020: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:270: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000020: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:279: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br_if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:285: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001d: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:291: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br_if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:297: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br_if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000022: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:303: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000020: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:310: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid depth: 1 (max 0)
  error: @0x0000001b: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:314: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid depth: 5 (max 2)
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/br_if.wast:318: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid depth: 268435457 (max 0)
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
58/58 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
