;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:237: assert_invalid passed:
  error: found call_indirect operator, but no table
  error: @0x0000001c: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:245: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000023: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:253: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.eqz, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000027: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:262: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000026: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:270: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x00000027: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:278: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of function is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x00000025: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:286: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of function is 2, expected 0
  error: @0x0000002e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:297: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000027: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:305: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000028: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:314: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 1, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000002a: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:324: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at call_indirect. got 1, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000002a: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:334: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got f64.
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: @0x00000032: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:344: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000032: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:358: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000021: invalid call_indirect signature index
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:365: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000025: invalid call_indirect signature index
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:376: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid func_index: 0 (max 0)
  error: @0x00000018: OnElemSegmentFunctionIndex callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:384: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: elem segment offset is out of bounds: 10 >= max value 10
  error: @0x00000021: OnElemSegmentFunctionIndex callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:393: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: elem segment offset is out of bounds: 4294967295 >= max value 10
  error: @0x00000021: OnElemSegmentFunctionIndex callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/call_indirect.wast:402: assert_unlinkable passed:
  error: elem segment offset is out of bounds: 4294967286 >= max value 10
  error: @0x00000021: OnElemSegmentFunctionIndex callback failed
67/67 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
