;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/exports.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:29: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000019: invalid export func index: 1
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:33: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x0000001d: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:37: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x0000001e: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:41: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000025: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:45: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000023: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:49: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000022: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:78: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000017: invalid export global index: 1
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:82: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x0000001b: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:86: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000020: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:90: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000025: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:94: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000021: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:98: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000020: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:126: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000015: invalid export table index: 1
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:130: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000019: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:139: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000023: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:143: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000021: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:147: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x0000001e: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:175: assert_invalid passed:
  error: @0x00000014: invalid export memory index: 1
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:179: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000018: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:188: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000022: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:192: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x00000020: OnExport callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/exports.wast:196: assert_invalid passed:
  error: duplicate export "a"
  error: @0x0000001e: OnExport callback failed
28/28 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
