;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/if.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:183: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:187: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:191: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:195: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:200: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:204: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:208: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:212: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:217: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of if is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x0000001e: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:223: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of if is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x0000001e: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:229: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of if false branch is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x0000001f: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:235: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack at end of if true branch is 1, expected 0
  error: @0x0000001e: OnElseExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:242: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if true branch. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: OnElseExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:248: assert_invalid passed:
  error: if without else cannot have type signature.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:254: assert_invalid passed:
  error: if without else cannot have type signature.
  error: type stack size too small at if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:260: assert_invalid passed:
  error: if without else cannot have type signature.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:267: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if true branch. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnElseExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:273: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if false branch. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000021: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:279: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if true branch. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnElseExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:286: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in if true branch, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnElseExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:292: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in if false branch, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000022: OnEndExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:298: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in if true branch, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnElseExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:304: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in if true branch, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnElseExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:311: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in implicit return, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000025: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:321: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in implicit return, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000025: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:331: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in implicit return, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000027: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:342: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:348: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000021: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:354: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:363: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000021: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:372: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:381: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000022: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:391: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000020: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:400: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:411: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.35.wast:1:14: unexpected label "$l"
  (func if end $l)
               ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:415: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.36.wast:1:17: mismatching label "$a" != "$l"
  (func if $a end $l)
                  ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:419: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.37.wast:1:15: unexpected label "$l"
  (func if else $l end)
                ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:423: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.38.wast:1:18: mismatching label "$a" != "$l"
  (func if $a else $l end)
                   ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:427: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.39.wast:1:19: unexpected label "$l"
  (func if else end $l)
                    ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:431: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.40.wast:1:15: unexpected label "$l"
  (func if else $l end $l)
                ^^
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.40.wast:1:22: unexpected label "$l"
  (func if else $l end $l)
                       ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:435: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.41.wast:1:15: unexpected label "$l1"
  (func if else $l1 end $l2)
                ^^^
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.41.wast:1:23: unexpected label "$l2"
  (func if else $l1 end $l2)
                        ^^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:439: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.42.wast:1:22: mismatching label "$a" != "$l"
  (func if $a else end $l)
                       ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:443: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.43.wast:1:25: mismatching label "$a" != "$l"
  (func if $a else $a end $l)
                          ^^
out/third_party/testsuite/if.wast:447: assert_malformed passed:
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.44.wast:1:18: mismatching label "$a" != "$l"
  (func if $a else $l end $l)
                   ^^
  out/third_party/testsuite/if/if.44.wast:1:25: mismatching label "$a" != "$l"
  (func if $a else $l end $l)
                          ^^
82/82 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
