;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:95: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at implicit return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:101: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000021: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:107: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at f64.neg. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000020: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:114: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at set_local. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:118: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000020: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:122: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000024: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:126: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected i64 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000026: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:134: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in implicit return, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001c: EndFunctionBody callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:138: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.eqz, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001b: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:142: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.neg, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001c: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:147: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at set_local. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001b: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:151: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:155: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:159: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected i64 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000024: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:167: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid local_index: 3 (max 2)
  error: @0x0000001d: OnGetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:171: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid local_index: 14324343 (max 2)
  error: @0x00000020: OnGetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:176: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid local_index: 2 (max 2)
  error: @0x0000001b: OnGetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:180: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid local_index: 714324343 (max 2)
  error: @0x00000021: OnGetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:185: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid local_index: 3 (max 3)
  error: @0x0000001e: OnGetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:189: assert_invalid passed:
  error: invalid local_index: 214324343 (max 3)
  error: @0x00000021: OnGetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:194: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000021: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:198: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000022: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/set_local.wast:202: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000020: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
33/33 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
