;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:4: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000018: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:10: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:17: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001c: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:24: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001e: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:31: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.eqz. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000021: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:39: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x00000018: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:45: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 1, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000001a: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:51: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:58: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 1, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:65: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:72: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 1, expected at least 2
  error: @0x0000001e: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:79: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at drop. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000021: OnDropExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:86: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x00000020: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:93: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:101: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at i32.add. got 0, expected at least 2
  error: @0x00000021: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:110: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000019: OnIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:116: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: OnIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:123: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: OnIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:130: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: OnIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:137: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at if. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000022: OnIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:146: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001b: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:153: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:161: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000021: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:171: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at br. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000024: OnBrExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:182: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000019: OnReturnExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:188: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: OnReturnExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:195: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001d: OnReturnExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:202: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x0000001f: OnReturnExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:209: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type stack size too small at return. got 0, expected at least 1
  error: @0x00000022: OnReturnExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:219: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in if, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001e: OnIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:222: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_if, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000020: OnBrIfExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:226: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in br_table, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000021: OnBrTableExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:230: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnCallExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:232: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000002f: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:242: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in call_indirect, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000029: OnCallIndirectExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:250: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in return, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001e: OnReturnExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:253: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in set_local, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000020: OnSetLocalExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:256: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.load, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:257: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.load8_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:258: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.load8_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:259: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.load16_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:260: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.load16_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:261: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.load, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:262: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.load8_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:263: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.load8_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:264: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.load16_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:265: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.load16_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:266: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.load32_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:267: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.load32_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:268: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.load, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:269: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.load, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000024: OnLoadExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:272: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.store, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:273: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.store8, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:274: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.store16, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:275: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.store, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:276: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store8, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:277: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store16, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:278: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store32, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:279: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.store, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000029: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:280: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.store, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000002d: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:283: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.store, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:284: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.store8, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:285: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.store16, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:286: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000026: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:287: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store8, expected i64 but got f64.
  error: @0x0000002a: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:288: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store16, expected i64 but got f64.
  error: @0x0000002a: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:289: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.store32, expected i64 but got f64.
  error: @0x0000002a: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:290: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.store, expected f32 but got i32.
  error: @0x00000023: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:291: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.store, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnStoreExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:294: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.add, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.add, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:295: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.and, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.and, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:296: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.div_s, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.div_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:297: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.div_u, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.div_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:298: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.mul, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.mul, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:299: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.or, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.or, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:300: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.rem_s, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.rem_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:301: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.rem_u, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.rem_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:302: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.rotl, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.rotl, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:303: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.rotr, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.rotr, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:304: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.shl, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.shl, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:305: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.shr_s, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.shr_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:306: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.shr_u, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.shr_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:307: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.sub, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.sub, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:308: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.xor, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.xor, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:309: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.add, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.add, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:310: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.and, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.and, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:311: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.div_s, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.div_s, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:312: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.div_u, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.div_u, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:313: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.mul, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.mul, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:314: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.or, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.or, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:315: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.rem_s, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.rem_s, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:316: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.rem_u, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.rem_u, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:317: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.rotl, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.rotl, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:318: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.rotr, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.rotr, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:319: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.shl, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.shl, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:320: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.shr_s, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.shr_s, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:321: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.shr_u, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.shr_u, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:322: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.sub, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.sub, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:323: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.xor, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.xor, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:324: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.add, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.add, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:325: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.copysign, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.copysign, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:326: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.div, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.div, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:327: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.max, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.max, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:328: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.min, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.min, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:329: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.mul, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.mul, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:330: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.sub, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.sub, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:331: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.add, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.add, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:332: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.copysign, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.copysign, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:333: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.div, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.div, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:334: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.max, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.max, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:335: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.min, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.min, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:336: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.mul, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.mul, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:337: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.sub, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.sub, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnBinaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:340: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.eqz, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:341: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.clz, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:342: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.ctz, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:343: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.popcnt, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:344: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.eqz, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:345: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.clz, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:346: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.ctz, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:347: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.popcnt, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:348: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.abs, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:349: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.ceil, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:350: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.floor, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:351: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.nearest, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:352: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.neg, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:353: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.sqrt, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:354: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.trunc, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:355: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.abs, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:356: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.ceil, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:357: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.floor, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:358: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.nearest, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:359: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.neg, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:360: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.sqrt, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:361: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.trunc, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnUnaryExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:364: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.eq, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.eq, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:365: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.ge_s, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.ge_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:366: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.ge_u, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.ge_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:367: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.gt_s, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.gt_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:368: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.gt_u, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.gt_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:369: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.le_s, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.le_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:370: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.le_u, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.le_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:371: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.lt_s, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.lt_s, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:372: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.lt_u, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.lt_u, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:373: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.ne, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in i32.ne, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:374: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.eq, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.eq, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:375: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.ge_s, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.ge_s, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:376: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.ge_u, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.ge_u, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:377: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.gt_s, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.gt_s, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:378: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.gt_u, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.gt_u, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:379: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.le_s, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.le_s, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:380: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.le_u, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.le_u, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:381: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.lt_s, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.lt_s, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:382: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.lt_u, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.lt_u, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:383: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.ne, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: type mismatch in i64.ne, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:384: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.eq, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.eq, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:385: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.ge, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.ge, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:386: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.gt, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.gt, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:387: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.le, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.le, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:388: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.lt, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.lt, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:389: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.ne, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f32.ne, expected f32 but got f64.
  error: @0x00000023: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:390: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.eq, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.eq, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:391: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.ge, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.ge, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:392: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.gt, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.gt, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:393: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.le, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.le, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:394: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.lt, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.lt, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:395: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.ne, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: type mismatch in f64.ne, expected f64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001f: OnCompareExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:398: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.wrap/i64, expected i64 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001d: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:399: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.trunc_s/f32, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:400: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.trunc_u/f32, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:401: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.trunc_s/f64, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:402: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.trunc_u/f64, expected f64 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:403: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i32.reinterpret/f32, expected f32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:404: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.extend_s/i32, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001d: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:405: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.extend_u/i32, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x0000001d: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:406: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.trunc_s/f32, expected f32 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:407: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.trunc_u/f32, expected f32 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:408: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.trunc_s/f64, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:409: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.trunc_u/f64, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:410: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in i64.reinterpret/f64, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:411: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.convert_s/i32, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:412: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.convert_u/i32, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:413: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.convert_s/i64, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:414: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.convert_u/i64, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:415: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.demote/f64, expected f64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:416: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f32.reinterpret/i32, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:417: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.convert_s/i32, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:418: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.convert_u/i32, expected i32 but got i64.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:419: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.convert_s/i64, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:420: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.convert_u/i64, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:421: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.promote/f32, expected f32 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:422: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in f64.reinterpret/i64, expected i64 but got i32.
  error: @0x0000001a: OnConvertExpr callback failed
out/third_party/testsuite/typecheck.wast:425: assert_invalid passed:
  error: type mismatch in grow_memory, expected i32 but got f32.
  error: @0x00000023: OnGrowMemoryExpr callback failed
193/193 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
